A completely new Theme by eXeCutor18 (aka Nathan)

There will need to be a few metrics to change for this or to create a new metrics file all together. I wouldn't have a clue how to create / change them. I was hoping you will do this for me Thome x)

Anyhow hope you like it!
Feel free to update this with suggestions and any questions you may have.

I moved my old theme textures into a new folder.

P.S. The text on the menu buttons (start game, etc) in the preview image have been put on there for preview purposes only and is not in the other textures. It will proberly need more things doing to it to get it to look like that when put into the game, if all you need is more texture files for each text please say and i will create them.


Comments:
Thanks for moving everything. WGiBeat 0.6 pre is loading your theme just fine now.

The metrics format shouldn't be that hard to understand. I have changed the metrics.txt file to only have the metrics you need.
The format is like this:
NAME=[X,Y][X,Y][X,Y]
Where NAME is the name of the item (its used in the code, so you need to find which names do what), and [X,Y] is the position, in pixels. The window has a size of [800,600] pixels, and [0,0] is the top left corner. So to move something to the left, make the X part less. To move something up, increase the Y. For example, the middle of the window is [400,300].
Any metrics not in the theme's metrics.txt file are taken from the default theme, so you only need to provide the ones you want to change. Otherwise keep it clean. Same idea with your graphics. If you're not going to modify them, or like them as they are, delete them from your theme to save space.

The one you're looking for is MainMenuOptions. Since there are several main menu options, there are several X,Y pairs, so you can position each menu item individually.
With regards to your idea for the 'preview' box. That will need some code as well as textures. For now, take a screenshot of every screen thats accessible from the main menu (and draw something for the 'exit' option), and I'll implement it as code. There will most likely be another metric added to position the preview image (something like MainMenuPreview) later. Also note that the preview for "start game" shouldn't be the MainGameScreen, it should be the NewGameScreen (the screen that says 'press start to join'. One other thing: I'll like to use a spriteMap for this, so put all the screenshot images into a single image as a grid of squares. I can then load each block in the texture more easily in code since its in a single file. If your confused, ask. For examples, see scoreBase.png. Make sure each block is exactly the same size.

With regards to having a stats display on the main menu: I'm not convinced this makes sense, since A) the user may not have a profile, and B) the user only picks a profile in the New game screen. For now I'd say it should be removed. Instead, add a "Stats" main menu option (or just make room for it until I commit that change).

Comments about look and feel: looking better than previously, but the red text is a bit too sharp. Also note that the default theme uses a light blue/pink background (try to work with it rather than against it), and has a lot of light gray foreground graphics. You might also want to take a look at how the borders typically look in wgibeat, unless you're planning on changing everything. More transparency / semitransparency would help too. Try using white font text with 50% opacity on the "Preview" text, for example.

However, since its your theme, I wont badger any further on your style unless you want me to. However, expect me to be finicky if you want to make any changes to the default theme, since then it HAS to look good.

Finally, you forgot to add a log message again for revision 326. Email it to me so I can add it in for you.

Thome -- 26/01/2011 7PM local time.
